## Product Designer

As a part of the design and product team, one of our biggest challenges is displaying freight
quotations to the customer. For this challenge we would like you to conceptualise and prototype
a quote listing page.

You should surface the information you think is most important to help the user decide which
quotation and shipment option they would like to choose.

### Provided Information

For customer to get quotation for their freight, they need to provide information about freight, if
it is FCL (Full Container Load) or LCL (Less-than Container Load). For the purpose of this
challenge, we only concentrate on FCL shipments. Information required from the customer for the FCL
shipments is: container size (for example 20' or 40' container), container weight and naturally from
which port to which port shipment is to take place.

> **Example Shipment**
>
> 40' Container, 16ton, Hamburg ⟼ Shanghai

### Results

Our pricing engine can calculate accurate, real-time quotations based on the variables customer
providers and returns all possible routes and quotes for the customer and for the shipment. Each
quote will contain following information:

| Field          | Description                                                                     |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Origin         | Port of Loading (ex. Hamburg)                                                   |
| Destination    | Port of Discharge (ex. Shanghai)                                                |
| Carrier        | Ocean carrier name (ex. ONE)                                                    |
| Transshipments | How many times cargo switches ships, usually either none (direct), or 1–2       |
| Transit time   | How many days journey takes                                                     |
| Price          | Total price for shipment                                                        |

### Task

For this challenge, we want you to design better way to show all results and allow customer to find 
best shipment for them easiest. We want you to focus on usability and think of different use cases
that customers would use the results. Keep in mind that all customers are different and are looking
different aspects of the results, for example for some customers transit time might be most
important, as they need they goods delivered as fast as possible, where another only cares about
finding cheapest possible shipment. For some customers it is important to be able to avoid certain
carriers if they know for example that their service is not as good as other carriers.

While you will be designing only one page, please consider how it works in the grand scheme of
things, i.e., the information architecture, navigation, and cross device support.

As this is design challenge, we do underatand that getting to good design, especially in UX wise is
a long and time consuming task. Therefore we are not looking for complete or finished results, but
it is important for us to understand your way of thinking and finding solutions, ways to research
and initial design language. And on top of all, you will need to be able to tell us story, why you
think your design is the best and makes most sense for the customer.

We are looking for an insight into your process. We would love to see every stage (sketches,
brainstorming, wireframes etc. are all great), all the way up to a design in the fidelity you deem
appropriate for this type of project. Bonus points if you include some form of interactive
prototype.

#### Deliverables

There's no set time limit as we care more about the design output than how short or long it took you
to create it. We still would like to get your results back within a week.

Please send us all material you think helps us to understand your process by email. Format of return
is free, but for example Powerpoint is generally easy format and ensures we see same as you do.
Any interactive mockups etc. please send us working link to the mockup.

We'll take a look at your designs and get back to you with feedback within a few days. That's it.

Good luck!
